Cumulocity logo no longer appears when custom branding is applied[PAB-4764] (#3231)
Cumulocity-IoT/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/analytics/apama-in-c8y-24-41-41-c8y-logo-no-longer-appears-when-custom-branding-is-applied.md

---
date: 
title: Streaming Analytics now respects custom branding without showing default logo
product_area: Analytics
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-M5-cepIIS
    label: Streaming Analytics
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-KXXmo2SUR
    label: apama-in-c8y
ticket: PAB-4764
version: 24.41.41
---

> Navigating to the Streaming Analytics with custom branding used to momentarily display the default Cumulocity logo. The transition now respects the applied branding and doesn't show the default logo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigating to the Streaming Analytics application with custom branding used to momentarily display the default {{< product-c8y-iot >}} logo. The transition now respects the applied branding and doesn't show the default logo.
```
